# Elevator_Pitch_2

Hello, my name is Hubert. I've finished a business degree and have been programming as a hobby for over 6 years. Personally, one of the unforgettable modules at my university was Business Operations, through which I've learned the ins and outs of the operations models and processes. One of the core subjects was the agile and lean concepts. I was also a co-owner of a successful open-source gaming framework which is now used by over 90% of servers on an engine called FiveM. As part of a small development team, we took care of the entire process of development, management, testing and release and my main role was to manage the team tasks, ensure that every member knows what they doing but also test and develop main features. I've applied some of the complex concepts that I've learned at my university leading to create a very agile environment that consisted of weekly releases and constant testing. This allowed us to focus on our goals, reduce wasted time and ensure that the releases met our community's needs. It was inspiring to be able to meet the team of like-minded people everyday and share ideas and developments we've all done, to contribute to the overall project. Through research I've discovered that this is called DevOps which combines both development and operations into one area. We've eventually slowed down the development and since then, I've continued to learn and improve my skills to persue my programming passion and start a career in this emerging area of DevOps.
